So now that we also created the training module there are two things I recognize we can optimize for
one.
We should put the angular fire marshal Gengler fire of modules I mean into the off module and not in
the app module I forgot that.
So here let's add the angle of fire off module into the imports array of the off module.
And this means we need to add an import as well.
So we need to import angular fire of module from angle of fire to slash off.
This now allows us to go back to the app module and close close this gap and also removed the import
of angle of fire to off the angle of fire marshall should stay in the air marshal because Dadis the
module which is used to initialising LA fire and we want to do that right at the start.
India module.
And another improvement I recognized is you can get an error or from our subscriptions where we unsubscribe
if you don't have them for some reason.
If Engy on the stroy for some reason is called before the subscription is created therefore we should
check where we say if loading ceps exists then I want to unsubscribe.
And we should do this for all subscriptions that are apt to be safe and be protected against this error.
So the loggin component I will also check if does loading subs is true or is not falles at least is
not undefined in which case I will unsubscribe.
So thats loading and sign up.
We should also do the same in all Avro components.
So encourage training.
Its not relevant.
We dont have engine destroy there we dont have a subscription there and stop training.
We also don't have that in new training though we do so here in NGO undestroyed we get two subscriptions.
We have to check each of these so check if exercise is subscription and only if that is not undefined
only then we do unsubscribe.
And the same is true for the loading subscription of course.
So only if this is not the find only data I want to unsubscribe and past trainings there we also have
a subscription.
So here I should also check if this Xchange subscription if this subscription exists only if it does
exist only then we will unsubscribe.
Now in the training component itself here we do have a subscription and we don't even unsubscribe.
So that's something we definitely have to fix.
Add on the stroy here because if you forget it you risk running into memory leaks.
So let's ngi let's add this year and on strike and let's check if this exercise subscription exists
and if it doesn't exist then I will use it and unsubscribe from it.
So good thing we check that and a welcome component there we get no subscription in the app component.
There we have this Lisner which we initialized but is instead handled in a service.
So with that we now improved all our subscriptions and we fixed the positioning of the angular fire
of module.
Now before we add lazy loading there's more we can do regarding modules.